

* Copper prices seen easing in quiet market -Triland
    * Stronger ADP jobs data sparks short-covering -trader
    * Coming up: ECB interest rate decision at 1245 GMT


    By Melanie Burton
    SINGAPORE, Dec 5 (Reuters) - London copper slipped on
Thursday from a nine-day high hit in the previous session, as a
short-covering rally triggered by surprisingly robust U.S. jobs
data ran out of steam. 
    Copper prices are recovering from three-month lows touched
in November, but rallies have typically fizzled due to worries
that a rising tide of supply will dent prices next year.
    "The major reason for copper's rebound is probably due to
the dollar weakening last night and a technical rally," said
Helen Lau, an analyst at UOB-Kay Hian Securities in Hong Kong.
    Lau said economic events would remain the dominant driver of
copper prices for now, with prospects for further weakness short
term. 
    "The U.S. jobs data may continue to improve so that provides
a strong case for the Fed to consider tapering. If that is the
case, the dollar will strengthen and copper will come down
again," said Lau.
    Traders have been looking for any signs that the U.S.
Federal Reserve could soon begin trimming its commodity-friendly
stimulus.
    Three-month copper on the London Metal Exchange had
slipped 0.36 percent to $7,069.75 a tonne by 0213 GMT, paring
gains of nearly 2 percent from the previous session.
    Copper prices rallied to $7,128 a tonne on Wednesday, the
highest since Nov. 25, making a fitful recovery from three-month
lows touched on Nov. 19 at $6,910 a tonne.
    The most-traded February copper contract on the Shanghai
Futures Exchange jumped 0.87 percent to 50,760 yuan
($8,300) a tonne.
     U.S. private-sector hiring rose in November at the fastest
clip in a year, opening the door wider for the Fed to start
trimming its bond purchases within the next few months.
    "Copper moved up initially after option expiry and then
short-covering continued - the market was short and got spooked
by the better ADP employment number," a Singapore based trader
said. 
     Service sector activity expanded around the world in
November, albeit at a slower rate, while strong U.S. data
housing and jobs figures brightened the outlook for growth, data
showed on Wednesday. 
    Also raising potential for headwinds from a stronger dollar,
analysts said the euro could come under selling pressure given
the European Central Bank is likely to stay very dovish in a
meeting on Thursday. 
    Traders are reluctant to take positions ahead of a key U.S.
labour report for November on Friday.
    "In a quiet market like this, it looks like it (copper) will
drift lower again," said broker Triland Metals in a note.
    Elsewhere, the growing acceptance of China's renminbi
currency internationally is set to draw in liquidity for new
commodities contracts, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd's
(HKEx) CEO told Reuters. 
 
  Base metals prices at 0213 GMT                                             
  Metal              Last       Change   Pct Move YTD pct chg
  LME Cu            7069.75    -25.25     -0.36    -10.84
  SHFE CU FUT FEB4    50760       440     +0.87    -12.00
  HG COPPER MAR4     3.23     -0.02     -0.74    -99.12
  LME Alum          1766.00     -6.00     -0.34    -14.73
  SHFE AL FUT FEB4    14055        60     +0.43     -8.41
  LME Zinc          1891.00     -4.00     -0.21     -8.36
  SHFE ZN FUT FEB4    14805      -740     -4.76     -4.76
  LME Nickel       13662.00     12.00     +0.09    -20.36
  LME Lead          2084.25     -0.75     -0.04    -10.93
  SHFE PB FUT      13910.00     25.00     +0.18     -8.79
  LME Tin          22725.00      0.00     +0.00     -2.88
  LME/Shanghai arb^    -371                                                  
                                                                             
   Shanghai and COMEX contracts show most active months
   ^ LME 3-month copper in yuan, including 17 pct VAT, minus SHFE third month
             
    
   PRICES    
    Three month LME copper          
    Most active ShFE copper         
    Three month LME aluminium       
    Most active ShFE aluminium      
    Three month LME zinc            
    Most active ShFE zinc           
    Three month LME lead            
    Most active ShFE lead           
    Three month LME nickel          
    Three month LME tin 


FILED UNDER:   
http://feeds.reuters.com/~r/reuters/companyNews/~3/wJ--yq7PLmo/story01.htm